README.md, before:

## Shopify Web Engineer Intern Challenge - Summer 2019

This project seeks to satisify the requirements found in the CHALLENGE.md file.
It accomplishes this by using React and the styled components library.
There are many solutions to this challenege, the aforementioned libraries where chosen due to the following:

- Best fit the job description
- Simple to implement
- Personal professional experience and preference.

A hosted version can be found at [http://shopify.elijahquartey.com/](http://shopify.elijahquartey.com/)

## Implementation

- Using Fetch API, GET and store data from Waste Wizard Lookup.
- Filter results using array.filter, based on a text input.
- Store favorite count for each result entry.
- Distinguish favorites from normal results where count > 1.
- Allow for favorites to be removed.

- Repilcate provided design

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

Commit message:

Added github pages link to read.me

README.md, after:

## Shopify Web Engineer Intern Challenge - Summer 2019

This project seeks to satisify the requirements found in the CHALLENGE.md file.
It accomplishes this by using React and the styled components library.
There are many solutions to this challenege, the aforementioned libraries where chosen due to the following:

- Best fit the job description
- Simple to implement
- Personal professional experience and preference.

A hosted version can be found at [http://shopify.elijahquartey.com/](http://shopify.elijahquartey.com/)

Having issues? Checkout the mirror on Github pages: [https://equartey.github.io/shopify-challenge/](https://equartey.github.io/shopify-challenge/)

## Implementation

- Using Fetch API, GET and store data from Waste Wizard Lookup.
- Filter results using array.filter, based on a text input.
- Store favorite count for each result entry.
- Distinguish favorites from normal results where count > 1.
- Allow for favorites to be removed.

- Repilcate provided design

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).
